hi everyone and welcome to Nicko's
kitchens classics where i recreate some
of my original videos for you today I'm
going to be making the first ever video
that I uploaded here to the Nicko's
kitchen channel of course I'm talking
about my spaghetti and meatballs
so guys the first thing that we're going
to do to get started on my spaghetti and
meatballs just into a large pot we're
gonna start making our sauce so first
thing is just some olive oil and I'm
gonna be putting in it some onion that
I've just roughly chopped up I'm also
gonna be adding in some bacon that I've
just chopped up as well I'm not gonna
season with some salt because the bacon
is quite salty and I'm also gonna be
adding in some garlic paste and just
give that a good mix around and I just
want you to cook this down for about two
minutes just until that onion starts to
soften
so once the onions have softened the
next thing I'm gonna be adding into some
chopped up mushrooms and again just give
that a mix around and just pop the
mushrooms for a further minute just
until they just slightly soften again
now the onion that the bacon of the
onion is cooking along nicely and now
I'm gonna be adding in some tomato paste
and next I'm going to add in a can of
chopped tomatoes and very last I'm gonna
be adding in some chopped parsley some
fresh parsley now what I want you to do
is turn the heat down to low and I want
you to simmer this for 20 to 25 minutes
so while our sauce is cooking away there
we're gonna get started on making our
meatballs now with my meatballs I just
used beef and it's an 80/20 split
meaning it's 80% beef 20% fat because we
store in our meatballs to be nice and
juicy now to our beef I'm gonna be
adding in some dried breadcrumbs I'm
also gonna add in a dried Italian herbs
mix I'm gonna season with some salt and
pepper next thing I'm gonna be adding in
some garlic paste next I'm gonna add in
some fresh basil now next thing I've got
some Parmesan cheese just in here some
fresh Parmesan cheese I'm just gonna
grate it just in there and lastly I'm
gonna be adding in just an egg that I've
just
beaten up make sure your hands are clean
and you want to get in there for this
because it's all about making the
meatballs so you want to get your hands
straight in and work all those
ingredients into the beef so we've got a
mixture there guys now what I want you
to do
it's just break a piece off and just
roll up in your hands just like that and
this is the size that I like my balls if
you want them bigger than get a bigger
if you want them smaller then make them
smaller it's completely up to you and
just keep repeating that process with
the rest of the mixture so our meatballs
are done and what I'm gonna do now is
just Brown them off so browning our
meatballs just into a large pan on a low
to medium heat I've got some olive oil
so just as easy as this I'm just gonna
place our meatballs into the pan now I'm
only gonna be browning them off I don't
want to cook them all the way through I
just want to get some nice color on the
outside and I only want to brown these
off for about two minutes so that's what
we're after with our meatballs just
browning off on the outside hey guys I'm
gonna be adding back in our pasta mix to
our meatballs so I'm just gonna be
pouring them over now I'm gonna turn the
heat down to a low heat and again I'm
going to simmer this for a further 20
minutes so are we just waiting for our
meatballs to finish off I'm gonna make a
very quick easy homemade garlic bread to
go with it so just into a small bowl
I've got some melted butter to that I'm
gonna add in some fresh basil that I've
just chopped up and of course I'm gonna
be adding in some garlic paste to the
buzzer so just give that a good mix
around and guys what I've got here is a
Turkish bread that I've just sliced in
half I love this stuff but you can use
any sort of bread that you're after so
what I want you to do just put this
under the grill and toast it so without
bread toasted I'm just using a brush and
I'm just gonna brush that bread with our
garlic butter and basil mixture so our
garlic breads done it's time now just
this bad boy out just to finish it off
I've just got some fresh parsley just on
the top there and of course I've served
it with some pasta so there you have it
I've recreated my first ever dish that I
gave you here on Nico's kitchen let's
get stuck into this bad boy I'm gonna go
straight for one of these meatballs that
looks so yummy and it smells wonderful
let's go-o-o straight up
get stuck into this garlic bread oh yeah
so I hope you've enjoyed this recreation
of a classic Neko dish all the
ingredients are below so check it out
and I'll see you tomorrow for budget
meals so until then take care